investigations show
investigations showed
investigations indicate
investigations indicated
investigations reflect
investigations reflected
investigations reveal
investigations revealed
investigations prove
investigations proved
investigations demonstrate
investigations demonstrated
investigations suggest
investigations suggested
investigations say
investigations said
investigations claim
investigations claimed
investigations disclose
investigations disclosed
research shows
research showed
research indicates
research indicated
research reflects
research reflected
research reveals
research revealed
research proves
research proved
research demonstrates
research demonstrated
research suggests
research suggested
research says
research said
research claims
research claimed
research discloses
research disclosed
surveys show
surveys showed
surveys indicate
surveys indicated
surveys reflect
surveys reflected
surveys reveal
surveys revealed
surveys prove
surveys proved
surveys demonstrate
surveys demonstrated
surveys suggest
surveys suggested
surveys say
surveys said
surveys claim
surveys claimed
surveys disclose
surveys disclosed
studies show
studies showed
studies indicate
studies indicated
studies reflect
studies reflected
studies reveal
studies revealed
studies prove
studies proved
studies demonstrate
studies demonstrated
studies suggest
studies suggested
studies say
studies said
studies claim
studies claimed
studies disclose
studies disclosed
evidence shows
evidence showed
evidence indicates
evidence indicated
evidence reflects
evidence reflected
evidence reveals
evidence revealed
evidence proves
evidence proved
evidence demonstrates
evidence demonstrated
evidence suggests
evidence suggested
evidence says
evidence said
evidence claims
evidence claimed
evidence discloses
evidence disclosed
data shows
data showed
data indicates
data indicated
data reflects
data reflected
data reveals
data revealed
data proves
data proved
data demonstrates
data demonstrated
data suggests
data suggested
data says
data said
data claims
data claimed
data discloses
data disclosed
trends show
trends showed
trends indicate
trends indicated
trends reflect
trends reflected
trends reveal
trends revealed
trends prove
trends proved
trends demonstrate
trends demonstrated
trends suggest
trends suggested
trends say
trends said
trends claim
trends claimed
trends disclose
trends disclosed
results show
results showed
results indicate
results indicated
results reflect
results reflected
results reveal
results revealed
results prove
results proved
results demonstrate
results demonstrated
results suggest
results suggested
results say
results said
results claim
results claimed
results disclose
results disclosed
facts show
facts showed
facts indicate
facts indicated
facts reflect
facts reflected
facts reveal
facts revealed
facts prove
facts proved
facts demonstrate
facts demonstrated
facts suggest
facts suggested
facts say
facts said
facts claim
facts claimed
facts disclose
facts disclosed
figures show
figures showed
figures indicate
figures indicated
figures reflect
figures reflected
figures reveal
figures revealed
figures prove
figures proved
figures demonstrate
figures demonstrated
figures suggest
figures suggested
figures say
figures said
figures claim
figures claimed
figures disclose
figures disclosed
references show
references showed
references indicate
references indicated
references reflect
references reflected
references reveal
references revealed
references prove
references proved
references demonstrate
references demonstrated
references suggest
references suggested
references say
references said
references claim
references claimed
references disclose
references disclosed
the investigations
the research
the surveys
the studies
the study
the evidence
the data
the trends
the results
the facts
the figures
the references
their investigations
their research
their surveys
their studies
their study
their evidence
their data
their trends
their results
their facts
their figures
their references
our investigations
our research
our surveys
our studies
our study
our evidence
our data
our trends
our results
our facts
our figures
our references
some investigations
some research
some surveys
some studies
some study
some evidence
some data
some trends
some results
some facts
some figures
some references
all investigations
all research
all surveys
all studies
all study
all evidence
all data
all trends
all results
all facts
all figures
all references
